hello I am jean luc I am
beautician specialized in the care
male skins and I'm going to you
explain how to avoid the most
possible to have buttons lille
Buttons can have multiple causes
it can be acne it can be
a reaction more or less allergy
that a number of products so the
base to avoid having pimples
it's always good to clean up
face and then had to use a
protective product a moisturizer
or treatments that are adapted to the
nature of your skin do not hesitate to
advise you to determine
what can be the problems of
your skin what is the nature of
buttons so that the product
that we will then advise you
to apply on the face be the most
effective possible
always anyway clean well
your skin every day and apply
then the moisturizer or
treating that will match your
problem
There are also external causes
cause the buttons for example one can
to see appear on the front it can
be due to the application of gel for
hair that has a tendency
to be a little too generous and to
that moment
the gel tends to occlude
on the skin which can thus create
buttons do not hesitate to do
advise to determine the causes of
the appearance of these buttons and find
again the best product of
cleaning to solve this problem is
the best moisturizer for
limit its appearance
here you know how to limit
the appearance of pimples through the
cleaning and applying a cream
adapted to your skin type
do not hesitate to get advice
to precisely determine the best
product
whoever will bring you the best
the heap